Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-sit292-exam
<br>
<ol>

 <li>Consider Hasse diagram

  <ul>

   <li>List the pairs of elements that are not related via this partial order.</li>

   <li>Construct, as far as possible, the table of least upper bounds for pairs of elements under this partial order.</li>

   <li>Is this poset a lattice? (provide an argument for your answer).</li>

   <li>Let p b), (a, b), (b, a), (c, c), (c, d), (d, c)} be a relation on the set {a, b,c, d}, Construct p2, list explicitly all the ordered pairs that form p2.</li>

   <li>Draw a directed graph diagram for p and p2. Which ordered pair(s) must be adjoined to p<sup>2 </sup>to complete it into an txluivalence relation on the set {a, b, c, d}?</li>

  </ul></li>

</ol>

<ol start="2">

 <li>For the following system of linear

  <ul>

   <li>Use Gaussian elimination to put the system into row echelon form</li>

   <li>Use Gauss-Jordan elimination to change your row echelon form into reduced row echelon form.</li>

   <li>Solve the system of equations using either your answer to part (a) or your answer to part</li>

   <li>Verify that your solutions satisfy this system of equations.</li>

  </ul></li>

</ol>

= IS marks)

<ol start="3">

 <li>Consider matrix</li>

</ol>

3

1

—2

<ul>

 <li>Confirm that the matrix A is invertible.</li>

 <li>Find all the cofactors Cij of the matrix A and hence find adj(A).</li>

 <li>Verify that the adj(A) you obtained is correct by multiplying it with A.</li>

</ul>




<ol start="4">

 <li>For the following matrix

  <ul>

   <li>Find the eigenvalues (one eigenvalue is Al = 2)</li>

   <li>For each eigenvalue find the corresponding eigenvector(s).</li>

   <li>Determine if possible a matrix p so that B = p¯IAP is in diagonal form. Write down B and p.</li>

  </ul></li>

</ol>

(2 + S •F 6 = 16 marks)

<ol start="5">

 <li>The vector space of solutions of Ax = O</li>

</ol>

is generated by

<ul>

 <li>Verify that each vector is a solution.</li>

 <li>Show that any solution can be written as a linear combination</li>

</ul>

for a suitable choice Of q , 02, c].

<ul>

 <li>What is the dimension of the row-space of A and the dimension of its nullspace? State one basis for the nullspace of A.</li>

</ul>

<ol start="6">

 <li>For matrix

  <ul>

   <li>Determine the row-rank.</li>

   <li>Find a set of generators for the row space of A.</li>

   <li>State one possible basis for the row space of A and explain why it is a basis.</li>

  </ul></li>

</ol>




<ol start="7">

 <li>The 6-tuples:</li>

</ol>

= 011100, u2 = 111010, = 110011 form a biLSis for a (6,3) linear code.

<ul>

 <li>Write down the generator matrix for this code.</li>

 <li>Construct code words for the message blocks: 101, 110, 011, 010.</li>

 <li>Construct the parity check matrix for this code.</li>

 <li>Decode if possible</li>

</ul>